yeah what's going on guys we are back on
the man 15 it's the weekend me ultimate
ledges out we also got a game changer
bundle let's get into it now first up
you got Derick bricks 99 overall left
outside linebacker check the stats out
six foot 93 speed 99 x 700 tackle
pursuit 95 black 99 play wreck in
97 zone but when a su ro and was named
the NFL Defensive Player of the Year in
2002 now to me this cars been long
overdue I'm glad Brooke she's got her
own spin legend for a second I thought
he was gonna be one of those legends who
didn't get a juiced-up carbon dig it
ultimate legend 90 catching on this car
in the hit power I think the hit power
might be a 98 he never has the great hit
power so i'm guessing 98 for the hit
power we'll see and right 99 hit power
for brooke so very very jewish than
solid looking car now the other ultimate
legend or ultimate team player because
the program is called ultimate team we
just call them all into it legends is
this 99 overall with your char me check
out his stack six 399 3101 man 100 fresh
99 zone 10 2 XL 92 awareness and 97 play
wreck in 2013 sherman let the NFL in
interceptions with 8 and the lowest QB
rating allowed in his own quick look at
these bad boys catching 88 catching go
out and that is your ultimate team which
is sherman honestly to me the 99 my
Master's remedies of these the guys i
know a lot of guys can't afford this one
but if you came and scooped up that mutt
master 99 overall richard sherman he's
worked for like 400 k right now and he's
still probably probably were in the best
cards i've played with all year and i've
heard some golden tickets too but the 99
overall my master Sherman's and be so i
know this was gonna movies and those are
the ultimate team or ultimate legends
for this weekend alright guys quickly
game to do bundles check this bad boy
yeah it contains 10 games with your pecs
one before topper featuring with random
99 overall ultimate team legend and as
always if you need xbox points RPS ng to
a link in the description now gas
instead of feeding the game changer
bunker because i'm not getting a hundred
bucks for a bundle at this stage in my
man and it's that we can game changer
packs cuz on one thumb we're gonna need
a pro pack phones because i want those
draft collectivist i haven't pulled
packs for the draft concert in a minute
so Briana we're just come a quick 40 pro
pad fun to see what's in it hopefully we
can pull a few traffic electrodes maybe
a rams bucks cowboys vets would be
pretty sweet in my opinion the only
surefire collectible Bell isn't Jameis
Winston and Jameis Winston even though
this card's gonna be good it's not gonna
be too crazy probably gonna have like 88
speed
he's not really the fastest guy man so I
don't know how good that Jamie's musket
is gonna be or how much is gonna go for
it cuz if it's out of blazing fast
mobile QB I can't imagine him going for
a time also guys goes on tickets guess
what sad meals but no more GTL a guy on
Twitter a guy who to the pretty much
confirmed that no more gt's were coming
out I don't know why they didn't tweet
that out from the main account that
makes no sense yeah get it together but
yeah no more golden tickets are coming
out and that's kind of crazy because if
you guys remember a few weeks back all
the content for like a few weeks sleep
and there was a link Alfred Morris token
ticket but we haven't seen it yet there
was also rumors very strong rumors of a
golden ticket flexes cabarrus but once
again we haven't seen those yet and like
I said that yeah guys said they were
done boom baby right here got that
Buccaneer strap collectible gotta be a
Jameis Winston I will take it now just
gotta get these freaking elite badges oh
when we got 12 NFL Draft badge I will
take it the others peppers fire the fact
was flames let's go it's pretty easy to
get those draft badgers to all you gotta
do is log in the mud for a few packs
Raven we should be kidding and Jameis
Winston day one that bad boy comes out
but they might they might mess around
and throw some elite Badgers in those
sets and soon as people know that guess
what price of elite badges going up up
up up up so hopefully that doesn't
happen hopefully it's as easy as we
think and all you guys do is just pull
the jab collectible and have those other
draft collectibles pronounce that I
don't know we'll see that should be a
Jameis Winston now the other draft
collectibles honestly man it's just up
in the air if you pull those like you
don't know what you're gonna get you're
just hoping that team drafts a beastly
player man to be honest aside from
wincing the only draft players i really
want to play with me Mariota I think
that would be fun than dorial
green-beckham and he's so big he's
wonderful he's one of those freakish big
receivers I've mentioned him before that
would be pretty fun got a Vernon Davis
hey hey just come by warriors out still
don't know who the ultimate combine
worried would be once again one of those
hey guys for Twitter our gas turn up
talking about is gonna be a monster but
I don't know man what is a monster at
this stage we met we just got through
getting golden tickets with 110 stats
what really is gonna be a monster and
then at the same time they pretty much
do the same combine warriors every year
so I don't know
who that could possibly be hosing out
that ultimate come by warrior maybe it
isn't Dwight Freeney even though he just
got a 98 overall flashback probably less
than a month ago or maybe over a month
ago it could be a really souped-up Chris
Johnson me as like a hundred truck or
something insane like that I don't know
but I don't know when I personally
stopped freaking doing those collections
maybe I should get back to it but I
stopped and hopefully doesn't buy me an
ass got a jack morris why you're Jack's
always got good pics right they should
get a pretty solid player but I must fly
that's what you want man some teams
picking early in the draft that so we
got me on Titans let the books we got
the Falcons and now we got the Jaguars
as well so I think that's some good
draft collectibles for the most part it
should be fun and once again it's a deep
draft chew so I think much any clock
will you get as long as it's not a dude
should be some good money good Cohen if
you got the Badgers to do it now that's
one thing too if they take like 10 draft
badges I probably won't give it a
knockout each set for each team but i
guess i have to pick and choose hey guys
you got five packs left fetters let's
see if we can cut out of control over
and tables okay it might be meant to be
i think that car 298 over all right i
might scoop that Vernon d that might be
the move I might have to do that I'm
sure his speed is greatness Catchings
always bad though I have a look at the
stats on that carpet I know his catching
his always very brutal what is this Oh
drat badge I will take those things
aren't as common as I like them to be or
at least stopped for me man I've had
pretty pretty weak luck when it came to
get easier to fill draft badges max pack
up got some road to the playoff love
these might go for some coin Corey
wedding Jaquan James I'll take it then
you got two more packs left any right
o.o bingos all right now take Beatles
that's a new team for me that's all I
want new teams baby already got the
first pick in the books now just when
different teams new teams the Cowboys
that probably be freed 02 but pretty
much some diversity in my packs or my
collectibles that's all I'm looking for
now elite no Jaguars even got one more
pack in us then we're done so we go
final pack I'm a 1 by 4 this one cuz i
know it's money and we got nothing for
Josh Bella v Philip wheeler and a bunch
of ron z all right guys there you have
it tough you guys enjoyed it quickly
gonna get this game changer pack then
we're gonna be out of here I'll see you
guys are next with MLB game play if you
get
this should be out later today and i
might post about later today to see
what's going on in this final pack logo
badge Mike DeVito Teddy Bridgewater
elite elite Oh Larry Larry Donnell I'll
take it final edition tight and check
them out when we're cooking 66 okay I'm
digging that height all right game
change your pack wasn't too crazy but
yeah there you have the guys I will see
you guys in the next one take it easy
peace